# The Santinian Times _(August 28th, 2024)_

## Economy

### Huge Blow to Santinian Economy Takes Place, GCS Betrayed Us

Today, after the end of the AIS trading session, President Rojas traveled to an internationally-owned sports center abroad
to represent the Santinian Union, which was an observer state at the event. He hoped to get more financial aid following our
support for their selection during the soccer game against AIS. However, our net earnings were below 3,000 Santinian dollars,
which resulted in a loss when taking depreciation into account.

However, despite the Pact of July, Oscarland and some of its allies have decided to resume de-facto trading with us, although no
proper annuling of the Pact of July has been signed. We have also earned a new ally in AIS Group 8 following a wise decision from
President Rojas and the depreciation of Group 11 securities due to prohibitively low rate limits.

"Pitiful," said President Rojas. "Assets of no substance. We thought we were going all-in on securities. But we lost. We were
blown a deadly thrust by our thought-to-be long-standing allies. The 'indelible' mark was, in fact, momentary. I prefer staying
at AIS now. Comrades, we are going through trying times. But I will do everything I have to in order to keep this country
running. Military expenditures must not be ignored — what will we do to prevent a coup from the fascist guerrillas if we don't
modernize our weapons? If they want to come, let them come — we will fight them," he also said.
