# The Santinian Times _(August 8th, 2024)_

## Politics

### Rojas Gets Accused by Alleged International Activist Manuel Garzon Due To Single-Party Governance

Today, President Rojas was visiting the city of Alfonsograd to visit Officer Ayleen Valentina Sandoval (the Lieutenant
of the local police station) and her sister, Ms. Luciana Sandoval. On his way from the east of the city to the west,
he encountered far-right international "activist" Manuel Garzon, who talked to President Rojas asking him to step out of office.
Alan Ortega also made fun of Rojas by singing a frowned-upon song while referring to Rojas's footwear. A few hours later,
he arrived at Lieutenant Valentina's station. Soon after, Garzon arrived and started to affirm that we do not have any
power within Los Robles, "the people" wanted to elect another president and were "free to speak and do whatever they wanted," and
communism was a "bad" ideology that would create "violent guerrilla members." A 30-minute-long summit took place
where Garzon rambled on about our stance and claims in the Los Robles region.

"Simply having a benevolent, though centralized collective regime of peace and love is seen as a 'threat to freedom' by this man,"
said President Rojas. "He is not considering the fact that a transition to direct suffrage could cause infection to Santinian
culture. By 'people,' Garzon just means the ex-Yellow Army. They want to bring depravation and profanity to our pristine society,
which is free from the chains of wretched vocabulary and contradictory thoughts," he also said.
