# The Santinian Times _(May 20, 2024)_

## Economy

### Oscarland Cut Ties With the Santinian Union, UASSF Economy Slows Down

Today, Premier Oscar from the Republic of Oscarland has done something terrible and unexpected—cut off all trade with communist
Santinia. Oscarlandic sources claim the Gueran Union was at fault, since they sued Oscarland (or a circle containing them) before
AIS administration. This had already taken place in the past, but without devastating consequences. Support Group Circle 2
has stopped trading with communist Santinia for some reason, allegedly due to a similar suit against them in March. This therefore
caused total dependence on one trading partner. Fortunately, it did not result in a total crash like the Cut of October with
Derrickland in October 2023 due to the existence of some temporary financial cushion. This event will be known as the "May Cut."

"I don't like this," said President Rojas. "The disconnection of Oscarland will affect our economy and, thus, our political
stability. Without a strong presence, the people will rebel. Therefore I must reformulate everything and start depending on
financial cushions from Group 11. That might work," he said.

## Politics

### President Rojas Wants to Proclaim the People's Republic of Los Sauces and Federal Socialist Republic of Sutagaos Today Despite Economic And Political Burden Within the Union

Despite economic difficulties due to the May Cut, political unrest thanks to Pablo Galindo's support for his friend Manuel Garzon
(an international community member who wanted to get Santinian citizenship, but was rejected due to overage and so started
defaming the government and President Rojas) and the weakening of the Santinian Green Army, President Rojas will cross the border
into Sutagaos and attempt the creation of a satellite state—the Federal Socialist Republic of Sutagaos. President Rojas also
wants to cross into the northernmost part of Los Sauces to strengthen the provisional communist government there. Eventually, we
will annex it into the Santinian Union.
