# The Santinian Times _(April 13, 2024)_

Today is Magical Day! Happy birthday, Dear President! ⚡🌟✨☭

## Economy

### Economic Stagnation Takes President Rojas by Storm, He Expected a Boom

For whatever reason, none of the invited international members attended the Santipolis Summit—not even the Gueran Union or
nations who still stayed at GCS. Only the Party's Central Committee attended. The AIS part of the Cozumel Pact did in fact
throw a small celebration in honor of the President yesterday, however it still didn't really boost the economy as much
as we were expecting. They didn't even send us a message today. "I'm very concerned," said President Rojas. "This is not
normal. We've reached a turning point right before Magical Day—something that never happened before. I don't want the
economy of the Santinian Union to undergo the same stagnation points as the Los Robles Empire or Socialist Kingdom
did during last year. We are going to enter a trading pause with the Pact," he commanded. Now the Party will wait
until the Pact asks from us in order to keep our self-containment. This is what President Rojas is concerned about
since the liberalization of the economy—too much openness to the outside world could hurt the economy if blockades
or sanctions are imposed.

## Politics

### Political Instability Invades the Los Robles Federation, Prominent Pro-Santinians Turn and President Isabella Is Late to Today's Summit

Joshua Cardona, the head of the dissident group known as the Yellow Army, and his friend Valeri, a hardline anti-Santinist,
dragged other citizens against President Rojas and Premier Jimenez. They started to say things like "We'll never call you Mr.
President!" or call President Rojas names like "Crab." However, the worst came when Janna Rodriguez, the Project Planner of the
Party Congress, and Pablo Galindo, the Mayor of Pablograd and Ex-Subordinate Secretary of the Congress, followed suit and started
to disobey or talk about banned and frowned-upon topics. The Communist Party has considered trying to partner up with the Red
Union, a supranational union of enclaves within Santipolis. President Isabella arrived later that evening, but couldn't see
anyone, and thus no trials took place.

"I am afraid this might escalate to a full civil war," said President Rojas. "Seeing all the unfavorable things taking place
in the Los Robles Federation and the economic issues we are undergoing, socialism in here is at risk. My task is to consolidate
it and the Party's power along with it, no matter the cost. Even if I have to partner up with capitalists, I'll do anything
so that we can beat the Yellows just like we did with their ideological father, Kevin Esteban. Fascism must die and Santinist socialism must thrive," he also said.
