# The Santinian Times _(February 6th, 2024)_

## Economy

### Santinian International Trade Freezes due to Detachment from the Global Coalition of Societies, Superism is Canceled

Santinian trade froze due to a permanent detachment from the GCS and integration with a new international market
called the Active International Society (AIS). Our old Ninth Fund allies sparked the
movement of Santinia. President Santiago Rojas initially doubted, but, left with no choice, ordered a change. Quite unfortunately,
today's session only returned 100 Santinian Electronic Dollars, a measly amount when compared to the returns of Derrick Madison's
DRK-20 during the month of November 2023, about 2.3 million Electronic Dollars. We expect the Party to keep consolidating relations
with our old Ninth Fund allies, especially since the prime ministers of some of them are currently on vacation and are expected
to return next week. Once they return, they will help Santinia during these times of financial hardship.

The Party has declared that we will start to rely on the Santinian emergency fund of 12 billion Electronic Dollars, which we
hope will be used properly. This will affect the relationship with the GCS Decafund and DRK-20, along with the rest of the GCS
portfolio. The organization of the AIS differs from GCS in the indexing of funds, where now we and our old Ninth Fund allies
belong to Group 10 (groups go from Group 6 to Group 11). We are looking at Group 11 as a good try; however, Rojas ordered complete awareness of past mistakes at GCS and wants to prevent further market crashes and financial losses looking forward from the GCS
detachment's economic aftermath for the country. For now, our old Ninth Fund allies will keep our back. Superism has been dropped
as well due to the impossibility of continuous day-trading as required by the original plan.
