# The Santinian Times _(July 19th, 2024)_

## Economy

### Support Group Circle 2 has Officially Cut Ties with Communist Santinia

Today, a summit was held in the Group 10 office at AIS. Here, Santinia explained the issues they were facing and the causes
of their misbehaviors. It was found that the problem lied on international intervention of dubious origin, which had generated
rumors that spread across the AIS facilities. Circle 2 had withdrawn their support because they "wanted no problems with AIS
administration." Rojas proposed the restoration of the agreement as per the [March Accords](../03/times_03-21-2024.md), however,
the proposal was vetoed by Circle 2, which proposed their "solution" — the reduction of their diplomatic and economic relation
to the minimal levels required for coexistence. Rojas was livid, to say the least. Eventually, he calmed down and decided to
accept Circle 2's measures by signing the Pact of July before AIS administration, wherein he accepted the annuling of the
non-essential trading rights given to him as per the initial covenant signed in February and the March Accords.
The lividness of Rojas was mainly because of the expensive reparations that he would have to pay. However, Archduke
David Cepeda, member of Group 10, paid 2.3 million Santinian dollars worth of international points to help the Communist Party
restore the economy.  
"I'm not so worried," said Rojas. "Something like this has already happened—this is the Cut of October in disguise!
Comrades, do not fret, for we have been liberated. Let's not mourn, but take this as an opportunity for change."
