# The Santinian Times _(Oct 9, 2023)_

## Economy

### Derrick Madison, Head of Derrickland, Calls It Quits On Santinia. Now What?

It is no surprise that Hyperianism, allegedly the most significant economic movement since Imperialism, became impossible after Madison called it quits on October 2nd, due to the need for at least some control over DRK-20. This brings the need for Superism, a totally new movement.

The original plan was to follow Project Ruby (conquering DRK-20, Octofund and perhaps all of GCS), or to at least
complete Project Lighthouse (stage 2 of Project Ruby) to kick off Hyperianism. Our government-owned company, S Industries,
was preparing to rebrand to Hyper Industries. However, after the Cut of October blocked Project Ruby completely, they started
rebranding to SuperMagic Industries.

This new movement will be backed by Decafund, Heptafund and lower economy instead of relying upon Octofund.
These investments will be pivotal in creating and maintaining the financial boom called Superism.

All of Superism's requirements are either already fulfilled or feasible to fulfill. On the other hand, Hyperianism
was just _too_ idealistic. It relied on an unstable product like DRK-20.

Geopolitically, this cut influenced international dynamics at GCS. To us, GCS is split into three coalitions:

1. **The Central Powers:** Santinia (the victim for which retaliation is planned), Decafund (the avengers of Santinia),
   and part of Heptafund and lower economy (the co-leaders of retaliatory plans) make up this coalition.
   Our goal here is to grow our power base and keep our existing members, as well as to beat Madison in secrecy at all
   costs.

2. **The Unaligned Actors:** Some Heptafund and lower economy members, as well as professors and other impartial actors,
   make up this buffer zone between the two coalitions. Our goal here is to earn as many sympathizers as possible.

3. **The Allied Forces:** Derrickland (the main enemy), Octofund (their leverage), the ruling class of Ninth Fund (their
   highest leverage) and a few others make up this coalition. Our goal here is to beat Derrick Madison in
   retaliation for the burden that he caused with the cut.

We keep growing the bond among Central Powers, whilst attracting new sympathizers and spreading the truth about Madison's
past oligarchy over Santinian economy.

## Politics

### None of Santinia's Allies Seek Retaliation Against Madison, the Communist Party Decides to Spy On Him

Today, economists and politicians working in lower GCS economy were recruited by the Santinian Communist Party to form the
international arm of the Santinian Intelligence Bureau (SIB). King Santiago the First gave an idea to the SIB -- an
intelligence official can hide a recording device somewhere near Derrick Madison, then question him about Santinia and its King.
This intelligence then will be journalized into an official classified document. This will allow the government to have a clear
view of the situation or any way to amend it or to diminish the impact it had on the country.
