# The Santinian Times _(Oct 2nd, 2023)_

## Economy

### Today, October Starts Spooky with Derrickland Deciding to Cut Ties

At GCS, King Santiago and Derrick Madison, the heads of Santinia and Derrickland, decided to call it quits on their long-standing
diplomatic relationship. This is due to various reasons. The first one happened soon after Octofund and DRK-20 reached their
all-time high in March. The price did not increase as we expected after that; it became extremely unstable instead. One day, it
would spike enormously, and it would become almost worthless the next day. Sometimes it would take less than four hours for the
price to be reduced in half! On May, the biggest general stock market crash ever recorded took place, with Octofund and Heptafund
reaching their all-time low then. But in June, DRK-20 reached its all-time low, thus triggering what the Party calls "Dark June."
Here, we decided to momentarily cut ties to prevent our economy from bleeding out. Following Black June, an unexpected market
closure that lasted weeks took place, thus freeing Santinia from further increasing its public spending. After this, the return of
DRK-20 to the market brought two new amendments to the contract between the economists at Santinia and Madison's nation.
Apparently, things became convoluted when we accidentally exceeded a rate limit for Derricklandic machinery, as more than two
HC-type transactions were attempted. The bug was fixed with the fifth amendment to the contract. Even still, we would receive
errors from their contract machines (let's remember contract machines are the products that are always utilized for international
day-trading), although the contract was not being violated. Today, Madison totally lost interest in the agreement when we
tried to roll out the sixth amendment. This caused them to call it quits altogether and for us to sell as much as we could
and remove all public evidence that implied an ongoing relationship between them and us. Apparently, Madison was
defrauding us all along by tweaking the machines to fail or succeed on purpose. The amendment was attempted with the help
of an intervenor, but it did not work, failed to repair the contract and instead backfired by causing permanent (or
semi-permanent, although not the general consensus) termination.
