# The Santinian Times _(September 17th, 2024)_

## Politics

### Santipolis Spring: Premier Jimenez and Vice-President Isabela QUIT Their Positions, President Rojas Activates Emergency State

The Santipolis Spring, initiated on July 30th, 2024 and ended today, is a rebellion of former Vice-President Isabela and
former Prime Minister Sebastian Jimenez following the federal ban on homosexuality and bisexuality. As detailed on
[our previous article](./times_09-17-2024.md), the ban was lifted earlier this month. However, President Rojas proposed the
Homosexual and Bisexual Regulation Act this Sunday, which was approved by him and Premier Jimenez. However, when the law was
marked as ready to print, Murillo started complaining.

The next day, she wrote:
> I want to complain because all the time we have to see things that are unnecessary like anthems or things that nobody knows what
> you're talking about and second all the time you have to call Juan Jimenez and he doesn't like it and being presidents and
> so-called comrades Terra and the "yellow army" that they are children who don't even care about losing just like Esteban and
> third even though you left homosexuals you don't accept them completely because it's as if you see them as weirdos with no
> opportunity that's why I think I'll retire and leave all the groups.
> KIND REGARDS: ISABELLA

Today, Jimenez wrote:
> Central Committee
> I have decided to resign because this has put a lot of pressure on me and has made me too stressed, and there are many things
> that do not allow me to be myself in Santinia, so I have decided to resign from Santinia when Santinia finally learns to make a
> country with democracy and be good, then I will return as a minister, but in the meantime I will resign as such, I will be on
> rest, so I will not speak anything for these groups, I will do things that a normal child would do and nothing more
> Sincerely: Juan Sebastián Rojas Jiménez

Ex-President Isabella claims that:

* The Santinian Union anthem (and, presumably, all other national symbols) are "unnecessary," even though they are powerful tools
  to exacerbate national pride.
* Prime Minister Jimenez has not yet learned that he must be referred to as "Jimenez," nor has he proposed formal alternatives.
* Having high-ranking officials is also "unnecessary," although Santinia would become horrible without the Communist Party.
* She is allowed to disrespect the communist dream by complaining about the equality represented by the denomination "comrade,"
  even though she is not.
* The Yellow Army guerrilla is not a real threat, and they do not intend to overthrow the Communist Party, although the Santinian
  Civil War and the Estebano-Santinian Wars are, in fact, real conflicts with real consequences.
* The Homosexual and Bisexual Regulation Act marks homosexuals and bisexuals as "weirdos with no opportunity," even though
  it just disallows them to enter the military, join the Communist Party, appear on television or request loans.

Ex-Premier Jimenez claims that:

* His position in the Communist Party has put "a lot of pressure" on him and made him "too stressed," although most of
  the pressure is universally on President Rojas.
* He is "not allowed" to "be himself" in the Santinian Union, although we are a socialist paradise of peace and love.
* He has "resigned from Santinia," which could be understood as renouncing citizenship. However, Jimenez has not started any
  such legal processes.
* Santinia is currently neither "good" nor a a "country with democracy," although the Communist Party works under democratic
  centralism (the mechanism through which the federal ban on gayness was lifted) and we lead the internationally-recognized
  quality-of-living podium thanks to our unconditionally free healthcare and education.
* He claims he will resign on the meantime, but he renounced completely.

They renounced most of their positions. As of the date of writing this article (9:32 PM of Tuesday, September 17th, 2024),
the State of Tejar is in the process of seceding from the Santinian Union. After this, President Rojas invoked Article
31 of the Santinian Constitution:
> 31. The head of state of the Santinian Union has the power to declare a state of Emergency in any part of the nation's
> territory, provided that such declaration is approved unanimously by the members of the Central Committee of the Communist
> Party of Santinia.
> During the State of Emergency, the head of state may exercise the power to:
>
> * Veto the approval of constituents, federal and local laws without the need for additional justification.
> * Sign and act on behalf of the vice president and/or prime minister to force the approval and ratification of any law
>   or decree.
> * Modify the nation's military budget, allowing for an increase in investment in national defense up to 20% of the balance
>   available in the state's fiscal accounts.

With his new granted rights, he forcefully approved the Homosexuality and Bisexuality Regulation Act and, incidentally,
a pending amendment to the Cultural Protection Act.

Matias Gonzalez Alfonso, being the top military official that he is, might take the position of Vice-President. It is not
known who could take the position of Prime Minister, though.
