# The Santinian Times _(September 2nd, 2024)_

## Politics

### Huge Blow To Santinian Culture Takes Place, Federal Ban On Gayness Is Lifted

Today, the Central Committee held an emergency meeting. Vice-President Isabela Murillo and Prime Minister Sebastian Jimenez
voted in favor of a draft constitutional law that removed the references to homosexuality and bisexuality on Article 17 of the
Constitution of the Santinian Union.

Before 07:00 PM of Monday, September 2nd, 2024, Article 17 of the Constitution said:

> Sexual exploitation, bestiality, sexual relations outside of marriage, prostitution, **homosexuality, bisexuality,**
> forced sexual relations, human trafficking and any form of sexual coercion are strictly prohibited and shall be considered
> serious crimes. The State shall protect all citizens against sexual exploitation and violence, ensuring their safety and
> well-being.

On 07:00 PM of Monday, September 2nd, 2024, Article 17 of the Constitution was updated to:

> Sexual exploitation, bestiality, sexual relations outside of marriage, prostitution, forced sexual relations,
> human trafficking and any form of sexual coercion are strictly prohibited and shall be considered serious crimes.
> The State shall protect all citizens against sexual exploitation and violence, ensuring their safety and well-being.

President Rojas voted against the change, but was beaten by Jimenez and Isabela. As the most honest man in Santinia,
he accepted it, although not without a reaction.

"Comrades, we have lost. The Central Committee has decided that homosexuality will not be illegal unless you are in
a state that prohibits it. It is a very sad day for me. I could do nothing; I did the best I could," said President Rojas.

However, he did not remain idly by — the Constitution of the State of Los Robles forbids homosexuality and bisexuality,
along with the broadcast of, and usage of Roblean infrastructure or estate for, audiovisual productions involving
gay or bisexual characters. This means that these wretched productions cannot use federal infrastructure since it is located
in Los Robles and can only be used under Roblean law. It is also rumored that Omar Castillo and Stiven Vargas, governors
of the states of La Ascension and Los Sauces, will follow Rojas's example and ban this devilish practice. On top of that,
homosexuals and bisexuals are banned from enlisting in the Green Army, joining the Communist Party or requesting loans.
