# The Santinian Times _(June 17th, 2024)_

## Politics

### Santinian Union Treaty is Renewed, Steven Vargas Signs in Behalf of North Los Sauces

Today, President Steven from the People's Republic of Los Sauces signed the Santinian Union creation treaty, which
constitutes the annexation of the fifth piece of our country—the Los Sauces Socialist Santinian State (Los Sauces SSS).
President Rojas renewed the treaty, renaming our country to the "Federal Union of Socialist Santinian States" (FUSSS).
Here's the new names for the remaining Santinian states:

- The Los Robles ASSF became the Los Robles SSS.
- The Tejar SSF will become the Tejar SSS once President Isabella signs the new treaty.
- The Villa Liliana SSF will become the Villa Liliana SSS once Premier Jimenez signs the new treaty.
- The La Ascension SSF will become the La Ascension SSS once Governor Omar signs the new treaty.
- The People's Republic of Los Sauces was annexed and became the Los Sauces SSS.

The new Treaty now sits as a physical document in the Federal Archives, protected with a high level of security in the
Palace of Supremacy.

## Economy

### Relations with Oscarland are Still Bitter-Sweet, First Semester Closes

The returns for this semester are shown on the following table:

| Month        | Total Proceeds (Santinian Dollars) |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| January      | $0.00                              |
| February     | $10,000,000.00                     |
| March        | $18,647,970.00                     |
| April        | $14,512,440.00                     |
| May          | $3,340,656.00                      |
| June         | $3,052,489.00                      |
| **TOTAL S1** | $49,553,555.19                     |

The Communist Party expected an income of $50 million. The difference was -$446,444.81.
Initial capital invested: $30,000,000.00
Total income not from international trade: $88,682,051.43
The first semester's costs were: $41,221,124.23
The Party finished the first semester with a surplus.

The Party's projections were very close to reality. Despite international issues, the Party closed the first semester with more
than enough to cover all of the country's expenditures.
However, we can see how the income tipped down during May due to a slew of issues encountered during the month, more prominently
the deteriorated relations with Oscarland, the unavailability of Santinian Support Group Circle 2 members and the
unavailability of trading partners beside Group 11 financial cushions. These issues only kept going despite the Party's
desperate attempts at fixing things.

"But do not fret, dear citizens," said President Rojas. "If Circle 2 doesn't want us, then they can't have our infrastructure.
Go and do whatever you want, but don't count on us."
