# The Santinian Times _(September 15th, 2023)_

## Economy

### A Summary of Economically Important Events at GCS's Cultural Week

As part of their education duty, GCS hosted a Cultural Week to enrich knowledge of all involved
stakeholders.

On Monday, King Santiago the First sang a song at the institution's Talent Show. This left
Mr. Derrick Madison, the owner of DRK-20, wonderstruck (along with many other investors and the
professors at GCS).

On Tuesday, not much happened. It was a science fair and it was very nice and calm. Not much
happened during that day.

On Wednesday, the King rose up and went back into stardom in two ways -- through an abstract
painting style at the Paint Expo, and yet another solo performance, along with a group performance
with the rest of Ninth Fund.

On Thursday, things became a little convoluted. It was a hard day for Mr. Madison, which
unfortunately affected the market quite a lot, as King Santiago's transactions would generally
not be so favorable. However, it was still an incredible, although complex day.

On Friday, September 15th of 2023, a bear run overtook the market. But then many bugs in the
contracts were fixed up. Unfortunately, Madison asked for review by two other
economists -- Mary Antoine and Mark Anthony (aka Mark Antoine, not related to Mary Antoine).
Ms. Mary approved the King's restoration transaction, whilst Mark rejected it. They were in an
awkward, undesirable 50/50. Then, Mr. Daniel Lombard from Ninth Fund was asked for review.
As the King anxiously waited for him to submit his determining review, which would determine
upper economy's fate by either declining or accepting the transaction, he heard it. He thought
he had voted against the transaction, but was very impressed when the transaction was approved. This
caused a bull run which has taken upper economy by storm, opening the door to Hyperianism, or at least
to the Pre-Hyperian preparation period, a long-awaited event since April or May (at last!).
